README.md, before:

# Plasma

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.12.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Release to Carter (#10)
* add header feature (#1)

* add toolbar feature (#2)

* Feature history (#3)

* create queries

* show histories

* add history info

* add home button (#4)

* add ago feature (#5)

* fix home button (#6)

* Feature form (#7)

* add comment form

* refactor forms

* improve layout

* fix send button (#8)

* Feature images (#9)

* add more history links and images

* add images to home page

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Plasma SpaceX News App

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.12.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36457549/139770225-af2f57bd-d145-4bef-bbe2-6de6032e385a.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36457549/139770266-6d726a78-d167-4e3a-b52a-7aba537637dd.png)

## Overview

This app compile all articles, links, images etc., from the SpaceX GraphQL API. The `HOME` page lists all results for the `history` query. Clicking on one one of these items will take you to an expanded page for that indivual "history", which is the result of the `history` query, with the given id. This resulting page will compile all links and images available for this story.

Navigating to the `CONTACT US` page will take the user to a form can be completed with contact information and a comment or question.

Additionally, the toolbar has links for the various social media sites for SpaceX.

The general purpose of this app, is for a user interested in space exploration to have access to many items that they would wish to view, all in one place.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
